.TH FLOW 1
.SH NAME
flow \- neflow exporter from captured network traffic
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./flow
[\fB\-f\fR \fIFILE\fR]
[\fB\-c\fR \fInetflow_collector\fR[:\fIport\fR]]
[\fB\-a\fR \fIactive_timer\fR]
[\fB\-i\fR \fIinactive_timer\fR]
[\fB\-m\fR \fIcount\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B flow
is netflow exporter, which creates netflow records in version 5 from the captured network data in pcap format, which it sends to the collector
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-f " " \fIfile\fR
Source path to pcap file.
Default is standard input (\fISTDIN)
.TP
.BR \-c " " \fInetflow_collector\fR
IP address or hostname of the NetFlow collector and optionally port number.
Default value is 127.0.0.1 for IP address and 2055 for port.
.TP
.BR \-a " " \fIactive_timer\fR
Interval in seconds after which active records are exported to the collector
Default is 60 seconds.
.TP
.BR \-i " " \fIinactive_timer\fR
Interval in seconds after which inactive records are exported to the collector.
Default is 10 seconds.
.TP
.BR \-m " " \fIcount\fR
Define size of cache in bytes. When the max size is reached, the oldest entry in the cache is exported to the collector
Default size is 1024 bytes.
.SH EXIT VALUES
\fB 0 \fR Success
\fB 1 \fR Undefined error occurred
\fB 2 \fR File not found
.SH EXAMPLES
\fR ./flow -f input.pcap -c 192.168.0.1:2055
\fR ./flow -c localhost -i 5 -a 120
.SH SEE ALSO
nfdump(1), nfcapd(1), pcap(3pcap), https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetFlow, http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/net_mgmt/netflow_collection_engine/3-6/user/guide/format.html#wp1003394
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Tomas Bartu, xbartu11@stud.fit.vutbr.cz